### Quick start

Add an `elm` alias (you probably want to add this to your `.bashrc` or similar): 

```sh
alias elm='docker run -it --rm -v "$(pwd):/code" -w "/code" -e "HOME=/tmp" -u $UID:$GID -p 8000:8000 codesimple/elm:0.18'
```

Then use the alias to run the elm tools (and elm test) from the container as you would normally:

```sh
elm make
elm package
elm reactor -a 0.0.0.0
elm repl
elm test
```

*(You will usually need to use the `-a 0.0.0.0` option when running `elm reactor` so that you can access it from outside of the container).*

### Further information

`elm test` is only included in versions 0.18 onwards.

The current directory is mounted into the container so that the elm tools can locate your project files
and write out `elm.js` and the `elm-stuff` directory. 

Port 8000 is published to the host to allow this to be used when running `elm reactor`.
Change the `-p` setting if you want to map this to a different port or disable it.

`HOME` is set to `/tmp` in the container so that the `.elm` directory generated by the elm tools is placed there
and discarded. If you want to share `.elm` between runs you could set it to a directory that you have
mounted a volume or host directory at.

If you run `elm reactor` on an uncompiled project, you may get errors along the lines of:

```
elm-make: elm-stuff/packages/evancz/virtual-dom/2.1.0/src/VirtualDom.elm: hGetContents: invalid argument (invalid byte sequence)
elm-make: thread blocked indefinitely in an MVar operation
```
This can generally be avoided by running `elm make` on the project before you run `elm reactor` (or after to fix it).


### Elm versions

To use a different version of the Elm tools just change the version number in the command above (after `codesimple/elm:`).
The following versions are currently supported:

 * 0.15.1
 * 0.16
 * 0.17
 * 0.18
 * 0.19

### Issues

 * The `elm repl` for Elm 0.17 seems to be missing the coloured output that was present in Elm 0.16 (although error messages from `elm make` do appear in colour). I'm not sure if this is an issue with the build or with the Elm source.
 * If you experience permissions errors and are running OS X and/or docker machine, see [issue 2] (https://github.com/maport/docker-elm/issues/2).
